<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>Audience</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<h4>This software was developed for readers, writers, and publishers.</h4>
		
		<h6>What's in it for readers?</h6>
		<p>There are a few direct benefits to the reader: it helps with some reading comprehension issues by looking up words in the dictionary or encyclopedia (what does that word mean?) and by keeping track of antecedents (who is he again?). But most of the benefits to the reader are indirect: it helps you examine how a collection of words on a page can produce feelings and reactions in a way that will deepen your experience of reading, and helps you curate those emotional effects to heightened enjoyment.
		</p>
		<h6>
		What's in it for writers?</h6>
		<p>There are a few direct benefits to the writer: it does some spell checking, grammar checking, and reading level reporting; lets you track the emotional arc of the story, and lays out some basic character/scene blocking information. But most of the benefits to the writer are indirect: you can take a collection of words on a page and see if it is likely to produce feeling and reactions in your reader, and if you are following a favorite author or targeting a preferred genre it can give you concrete, technical suggestions about how to get closer to your model.
		</p>
		<h6>
		What's in it for publishers?</h6>
		<p>There are a few direct benefits to the publisher: it associates meta data (author name, story title, document source, date, etc) with the story, the text format is suitable for a variety of web formatting engines, and it provides suggestions for pull quotes and teasers. But most of the benefits to the publisher are indirect: with the data it generates you can build high quality recommendation engines that will allow you to match existing content to new readers and existing readers to new content, and it will allow you to craft your submission guidelines and style guides to precisely match your branding and editorial practices.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>